## Meeting 6
07/08/2020 3:00pm

#### Agenda
- Set deadline for milestone 1, to check
- Go over the things that we’ve done

_More code conventions added dependencies._

_Apache Commons for parsing CLI inputs_

**Tianren** 
- Error handling
    - Invalid file path
- Extract default values out → constant values (in the constants folder)
    - Text file or constants class? We can decide later, or research some more methods online
- Rename cli folder (maybe?)

**David**
- Builder pattern for GraphGenerator
- Uncomment and adapt to the models

**Jennifer (David can help a little bit)**
- Maybe might rename DOTParser cause it's a little confusing
- Get file path from the app config
- Reedited the Javadoc comment for DOTParserInterface
- Rename the interface

**Raymond**
- HEAD/src node
- Uncomment and adapt to the Graph model

**Justin**
- Other setters and getters

**Questions for Oliver**
- Submit anything else other than the JAR file
- What DOT syntax are we following, and exemplar

&nbsp;
#### Future meetings
- Every Monday, Thursday (in-person). Saturday (online).

&nbsp;
#### ACTION ITEMS:
- Research about A* algorithm - David
- Research about DFS algorithm - Justin & Tianren
- Individual item tasks specified above.
- Models - Justin
- Scheduler - Jennifer & Tianren
- TopologyFinder - Raymond
- Questions for Oliver - Jennifer
- Wiki - Raymond
    - Changelog
    - Meeting minutes
    - “Main page” -- like welcome !! more info blah blah
    - Maybe put our initial plan?
- Monday presentations -- 
